# r/copypasta

You know what? I want to share something, share a belief, share a piece of my mind, share a philosophy. I believe something, something of which many others skip over, pay no mind to, or are too simple, too arrogant to see, and ponder. I think it’s funny, it’s ironic. We believe negativity is a monster, a monster of which feeds on our soul, our mind, our heart, our spirit, our being. A monster that corrupts our very thoughts, a monster that makes us do things that otherwise would be rendered unimaginable. It’s of jealousy, anger, vengeance, wrath, and loathing of which I speak of. They are viewed as the very beings that destroy us, and others, keeping us from the opportunities that life has to offer. Yet these things fuel our very fabric of society, they fuel innovation, they fuel change, they fuel us inside, they give meaning to the empty shells of men that had life beaming. It’s funny. Without problem, without suffering, without anguish, without pain, without hardship...our very society would cripple on itself, cripple on the legs on which it already barely stands. These things create change. Because these things fuel us, someone without negativity or hardship, to me at least, is rendered empty, an empty husk. They’ve seen all life has, with no hopes or outlooks toward the future, toward the endless horizon of our cycle. They look toward a horizon, a horizon of which does not exist. It’s been fabricated, fabricated as they have no means of change, no means to keep going, to live another day. They’ve seen it all, they’ve experienced it all. Nothing more. Nothing Less. We view life amazingly without suffering, without pain, yet without them, there is no future, there is no horizon. They had their shot at life, they cripple within the empty void inside their blackened empty heart, emotionless, and alone. In trying to live, they die. It’s more humorous to the fact that I possibly act the way I act. But it’s not in vain, I savor the limited life I have, they do not. Death is a surprise party, unless of course you’re already dead on the inside. Without hardship, they die on the inside. Death is already waiting at their door. But not for me, not yet. I savor the life I have. I portray myself to others, and to my amusement they hurt only themselves trying to ration my behavior. I have hardships, that I way I live, that is why I live another day. It keeps me going, while they live their perfect lives in a chasm, an abysmal spiral of misery, and torture. For me, death is still a surprise, and I pass as death’s equal, we, one and the same. Others who don’t appreciate the gift given to them, eat themselves inside out, slowly and painfully, battling, quarreling with death. And yet, nothing to live for. They die going against the shackles of death, they destroy their collar of which their life binds to, and the shackles of death tighten their feet. I live on forever as death’s equal. In a state of being, a state of mind, not haunted by myself, but live forever with the help of the monsters we consider corrupt. That...Is My Philosophy...
